README.md, before:

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/lcfiplus/LCFIPlus.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/lcfiplus/LCFIPlus)

Documentation
-------------

- Some documentation is available at
https://confluence.slac.stanford.edu/display/ilc/LCFIPlus

--------------
| v00-06-02 |
--------------
- Automatic creation of JointProbability histograms implemented
- Calculation of joint probability with histograms automatically created (jprob2)
  Use v03_p01 steering, vertex probability and weight files in ILDConfig
  for the new joint probability.

--------------
| v00-06-01? |
--------------
- Added possibility to include beam jets in JetFinder (thanks to Philipp Roloff)

--------------
| v00-06-00a |
--------------
***** Development release: please use at your own risk *****
- 6-category training (b,c,o,bb,bc,cc) implemented
- Extracting all variables used for the flavor tagging now available
- Added MC-related input variables (MCnb, MCnc etc.)
  in flavor tagging to be used for training
  (available only if MCParticle collection is supplied)
- Added more input variables for flavor tagging

-------------
| v00-05-02 |
-------------
- Fixed type conversion error in track hits
- Fixed MC vertex information
- Added option to choose track hit ordering
- Modifications to track selection criteria involving subdetector hits
- Vertex-jet reassociation no longer throws exception to cope with cases
  where tracks are dropped such as when running kt algorithm before LCFIPlus

-------------
| v00-05-01 |
-------------
- Improved steering options thanks to P.Roloff
  1) The magnetic field can be specified (default behavior is to read from GEAR).
	2) The beam constraint in the primary vertex fit can be switched off.
	3) The beam size can be adjusted.
	4) The cuts on the number of hits to calculate jointProbD0 and jointProbZ0,
	and to find the most significant track can now be adjusted.

----------
| v00-05 |
----------
- vertex-assisted jet clustering now adjustable with vertex pairing penalties
- flavor tagging input variables added
- can apply preselections to samples used in training

----------
| v00-04 |
----------
- lcfiplus processor should work with multiple instances
- single track pseudo-vertex added
- jet vertex refiner algorithm added
- improved v0 rejection
- new flavor tagging variables + various bug fixes
- updated steering files

Commit message:

Valencia jet finder included, alpha parameter in Durham beam introduced. README for 00-06-03

README.md, after:

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/lcfiplus/LCFIPlus.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/lcfiplus/LCFIPlus)

Documentation
-------------

- Some documentation is available at
https://confluence.slac.stanford.edu/display/ilc/LCFIPlus

--------------
| v00-06-03 |
--------------
- Bugfix in JetFinder (default behaviour changed at v00-06-01)
- Durham and Valencia jet algorithms with beam jets introduced

--------------
| v00-06-02 |
--------------
- Automatic creation of JointProbability histograms implemented
- Calculation of joint probability with histograms automatically created (jprob2)
  Use v03_p01 steering, vertex probability and weight files in ILDConfig
  for the new joint probability.

--------------
| v00-06-01? |
--------------
- Added possibility to include beam jets in JetFinder (thanks to Philipp Roloff)

--------------
| v00-06-00a |
--------------
***** Development release: please use at your own risk *****
- 6-category training (b,c,o,bb,bc,cc) implemented
- Extracting all variables used for the flavor tagging now available
- Added MC-related input variables (MCnb, MCnc etc.)
  in flavor tagging to be used for training
  (available only if MCParticle collection is supplied)
- Added more input variables for flavor tagging

-------------
| v00-05-02 |
-------------
- Fixed type conversion error in track hits
- Fixed MC vertex information
- Added option to choose track hit ordering
- Modifications to track selection criteria involving subdetector hits
- Vertex-jet reassociation no longer throws exception to cope with cases
  where tracks are dropped such as when running kt algorithm before LCFIPlus

-------------
| v00-05-01 |
-------------
- Improved steering options thanks to P.Roloff
  1) The magnetic field can be specified (default behavior is to read from GEAR).
	2) The beam constraint in the primary vertex fit can be switched off.
	3) The beam size can be adjusted.
	4) The cuts on the number of hits to calculate jointProbD0 and jointProbZ0,
	and to find the most significant track can now be adjusted.

----------
| v00-05 |
----------
- vertex-assisted jet clustering now adjustable with vertex pairing penalties
- flavor tagging input variables added
- can apply preselections to samples used in training

----------
| v00-04 |
----------
- lcfiplus processor should work with multiple instances
- single track pseudo-vertex added
- jet vertex refiner algorithm added
- improved v0 rejection
- new flavor tagging variables + various bug fixes
- updated steering files
